docs: faq for k3d error on docker desctop on mac (#1596)
java-operator-sdk/java-operator-sdk: docs/documentation/faq.md

```java
ConfigurationServiceProvider.overrideCurrent(o -> o.checkingCRDAndValidateLocalModel(false));
```

> ### Q: How to fix `sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException` on Docker Desktop and k3d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Q: How to fix `sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException` on Rancher Desktop and k3d/k3s Kubernetes
```
